NOTE: All of the adjustments of the code were done from my head and I really DID NOT verify how valid this whole thing is. This classifier is supposed to work with ANY lenght of the inputs and allow the user to perform the different kinds of joins as well as the Boolean operations on the training set. Be careful, boolean operators are a mix of my own ideas and some of the knowledge I have. For example, we can explore under which circumstances some implication holds valid for any statement. We can also search for those circumstances as well (sorry, I can't be more clear on this).  This is a very simple and a very powerful tool. HOWEVER, like I said, I have not examined any of it, since it is a lot more of work than to simply code the idea. 


The original code was refactored from the old Classifier4j project, corrected, simplified and enhanced for the best performace. This classifier is, in my opinion, the simplest and the most useful classifier for the NLP.  It is simple, fast, and gives great results.
The goal of this project is to evolve it, given the original potential, into something more useful.

The code has been changed so that classifier can be trained, words removed from the trained set to adjust the precision, etc.   For example, we can train as the IF-THEN logical implication assuming that one document implies the other. However, the meaning of the results is uncertain to me at the moment. For example if we train with documents A and B as A implies B, the calculated distance would mean:"Assuming A implies B, the C is therefore distant from an assumption as K ...". Sounds great, but what is the real-world application of it? Could we a distance of the known facts to multiple assumptions to see what documents imply one another... or perhaps there can be a syntax applied like with SQL ?  This is now investigated.

If I assume that the document "Star Trek TNG - 001 - Ghost Ship.txt" implies the document "Star Trek TNG - 002 - The Peacekeepers.txt", I can search all books from the project gutenberg to see which book defines the universe of the two Star Trek novels. I can also add more implications, and imply all episodes too, to have a general idea of what rules the universe of the TNG... I can also search the wikipedia documents to see which fact is the most relevant to a passage of time in the TNG episodes... I can also find contradictions, negations, etc.

This is all fun, however, I really had no time to investigate how valid this whole thing is. For now, it is just an idea.
